#summary Accepted plot tokens for Seen Island.

= Introduction =

These plot tokens are the only tokens to be used cross-map.


= Details =

  * *FIND_BOOK* - You have been told to find the spell book by the book store owner.
  * *HAS_BOOK* - You have been given the spell book by Ash.
  * *FIND_GHOUL_BAIT* - Ash has authorized you to find ghoul bait.
  * *HAS_GHOUL_BAIT* - You have successfully purchased ghoul bait from SMART.
  * *BEGIN_BO_WITS* - indicates that the battle of wits has begun.
  * *DEFEAT_MANFRED* - indicates that Manfred, the hideous monster, has been defeated.
  * *FIND_MACIVAR_ITEMS* - Mac Ivar has sent you to find duct tape and a swiss army knife.
  * *HAS_MACIVAR_ITEMS* - You have successfully purchased duct tape and a swiss army knife.
  * *MACIVAR_FREE* - Mac Ivar is free from his cell.
  * *HAS_MAGIC_FLOWER* - Mac Ivar has found the magic flower and given it to you.
  * *MEMORY_RESTORED* - indicates that Shortem's memory has been restored by the bookstore owner.
  * *NI_ENCOUNTER* - 1:PC has met nights of Ni, 2: PC has bought Shrubbery, 3: PC has given shrubbery to knights

= Code =
==Set plot token==
{{{
void main() {
  SetLocalInt(GetModule(), "<<Token Name>>", 1);
}
}}}
==Get plot token==
*Testing for a conversation node:*
(Conversation node will occur if token is set to this value)
{{{
int StartingConditional() {
  if(GetLocalInt(GetModule(), "<<Token Name>>") == 1) {
    return TRUE;
  }
  return FALSE;
}
}}}


ScriptEase sets tokens a little bit differently, but equivalent to setting a boolean value.  After cleaning it up:
{{{
SetLocalObject(GetModule(), "<<Token Name>>", GetPCSpeaker());
}}}
{{{
if(GetLocalObject(GetModule(), "<<Token Name>>") == GetPCSpeaker()){
    return TRUE;
  }
  return FALSE;
}}}
This requires using a new token for each step, whereas integers allow using one token for several stages of a task.